and there we went for a walk around the book fair with peace said one of
the maximum exponents
from one of the smallest literary genres more concise the micro poetry
Welcome
it's not easy to understand and make a poetic show but under you know
do it like nobody else and better if it comes to them sweden their
specialty
of those trains that are characterized by their acid and sometimes also veil
colic sense of humor the Madrid micropoetisa has just published
his third book of the micro was yours has been presented in the crisis in Libya
this year the political program is going to devote to the news
it is in the thread of the events we are living now the revolution
in addition the holder history of the humanity the steak of slave to its myth
of citizen security asks for citizen services
- do not
it does some precipitation especially after tracks
friar garcía is a bet of málaga buenísima let's see
that can be maintained without being effective in our head joel perea prevents live and
live
neither is it without doubt, however, and therefore who or how
saracens in the sea
it is essential for panama
garlic versatile micropoetisa singer and character of reference of the
Madrid counterculture
the incident was solitary since they measured their graph
independent because those productions in recent years have been
focused his intervention
in parana I had wandered through and manager cities across the country tomorrow with
musicians like mastretta shortly before the technician and symonds
that always supe ram uses the company wherever it goes
the army has been depending on who they hired with
but results different from those of the nation becomes something else
depending on if it is conceived who accompanies me fifth company yes because
they gave it to the stage exactly because it was a distinctly different tonality that
walk around the book fair as a friend and it has been chosen will be like garlic
things like this can happen
own race reserve agency pti
it's ok that I can, the story continued
Yesterday driver
the winners of the duel
alarte so that the army armed group
palm
on the eve
but on Friday through November
again with him
every day
not if yet and buy books
besides aligning the wave of attacks against members of the academy
it was in the third place
and the prince of the letters this year could have written about a
score in which poetry would fit the novelty of thought
but especially the music the jury to this one each hotel open of leonard cohen
has influenced three generations
and that NATO has life as if it were an endless ballad